OSSM-8740 Document full list of SMCP CR -> Istio CR fields mapping (#88602)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating/reference/ossm-migrating-reference-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id=ossm-migrating-reference-assembly]

> = References configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= ServiceMeshControlPlane resource to Istio resource fields mapping
```

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: ossm-migrating-read-me-assembly

toc::[]

> Many configuration options in the {SMProduct} 2 `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource have changed location in the {SMProduct} 3 `Istio` resource. The tables included in this section are to help you update your `Istio` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many configuration options in the {SMProduct} 2 `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource have changed location in the {SMProduct} 3 `Istio` resource. The tables included in this section will help you to create your new `Istio` resource based on your existing  `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id=ossm-migrating-reference-assembly]
= ServiceMeshControlPlane resource to Istio resource fields mapping
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

> :context: ossm-migrating-read-me-assembly

Reviewer 2: Remember to match file names, IDs, and contexts.

Author: Good catch. This will be handled as part of OSSM-8852.
